Why aren't they rescuing us?
Why aren't they trying anything?
You are
the director's daughter, right?
I have to go see my brother.
I must get out.
What do I need to do?
Help me. Please.
Don't act rashly.
He has a detonator in his pocket.
If he pushes the button,
the whole dorm will explode.
I know it's hard, but be patient.
-I'll come up with--
-Hey!
I just wanted to give him bread.
I need
to go to the restroom.
Can I go?
Make it quick.
-What aren't you going in?
-Comrade Joo.
Leave her to me and go watch the hostages.
Please
let me rest a bit.
Follow me.
You didn't answer my question.
That paper airplane…
That's the one I flew out.
Why do you have it?
Did you come to the dorm because of it?
I just found it while being chased.
Get some rest here.
Then why did you come back?
You should've just left.
Why did you come back here?
I just tried to hide in that old shrine.
If I'd known
it led to the inside of the dorm,
I would never have gone in.
I'm sorry…
about your brother.
We will
leave in nine days.
All this will be over in nine days.
And I don't want to
hurt anyone in this dorm.
I don't want to hurt anyone. I mean it.
I want to
release you right now.
But I can't.